EVS can be many things blindingly fast
quiet and comfortable or for the most
part just plain boring but not a single
person is going to say that about what
we have here today cuz this right here
oh my God it's the ionic 5n and it is
the best eveve I have ever driven
because it somehow manages to be fun
Hyundai's end division is just off the
chain insane I don't know what they are
thinking giving this to the public but
man am I ever glad that they did let's
have a look the ionic 5 was already an
excellent looking car we've got these
pixel looking headlights here but it's
sort of like you take one of those and a
gaming laptop and smash them together
and this is what you get it's 50 mm
wider and just so much fiercer looking
we have it in performance blue which I
think looks great popping the hood we
can see that there is no frunk but just
loads of motor on underneath there and
also easy access to your 12volt battery
which is nice cuz that's just hidden
somewhere stupid in some EVS moving
around to the side we have 21in forged
rims that are wrapped in pelli P0 that
are
275s they are freaking massive and you
definitely need that given how much
power this thing has and of course if
you're going fast you need to be
stopping fast which is why we have these
massive two-piece rotors and some red
painted four piston calipers that you
know are going to stop you good moving
to the doors the handles will do a
little wave to you if you so want but
they do have the absolute laziest backup
key implementation that I have ever seen
I don't know why I can't go in here this
thing's absolutely massive but if you
need to it can go in right there here
we've got a rear air curtain and around
the back we have an absolutely massive
diffuser it sticks off the back making
this thing 4 point 7 m long and popping
open the trunk we've got these beautiful
cool looking brake lights and a pretty
decent amount of storage in here
although we don't get any extra bonus
storage because down in here we have the
subwoofer for our Bose sound system one
place that Hyundai has really enhanced
the ionic 5 for 2025 oh my God would you
look at that it has a rear wiper it
really needed one before and especially
with this massive spoiler that we have
here this thing gets really dirty really
fast this thing is built on 800 volt
architecture which allows you fast
charging from 10 to 80% in just 18
minutes which you'll probably want to do
because the rated range of this thing is
355 km and given how you are going to be
driving it you will be getting less than
that I guarantee you also very soon this
should be converted to nacs but it is
not for 20 25 so maybe you want to wait
a little bit hopping into the rear seats
you can move them forward if you hate
leg room you can recline them if you
want to be nice and relaxed overall it
is quite nice to sit in here I have
plenty of Headroom even though the floor
is raised up a little bit so my legs
they wouldn't hate being a tiny bit
lower we also have two cup holders two
USBC Chargers and a manual privacy
screen if you want to not see any of
your
haters hopping into the driver's seat we
have shockingly good seats and I mean
that in the sense that they are very
aggressive bucket seats they have little
holes here so you can put a fivepoint
harness in if you are properly tracking
this thing they really hold you in Place
full manual you do not get any seat
memory at all but what you do get is
heated and ventilation the only thing
that I wish that they had was some
adjustable lumbar support but it's not
you're going to be sitting in these
particularly long given the range of it
that said though overall I am super
impressed with these seats and I very
happy that they put them in even if it
does feel kind of weird being in this
like hardcore bucket seat and then
looking around and being like oh wow I
on an SUV that the passengers like a
whole Arms Reach away for the center
console they seem to have just
completely given up on the idea of
having a bunch of space in the center
cuz probably no one used it anyway we've
got two cup holders down here that you
can disappear if you don't want them we
have heaps of chargers three of them and
12vt Supply one thing that is rather
annoying is that down here we have a
button to change this USB port on the
left from data or tojust power and I
just hit it all the time by accident
like look you are putting your phone in
here and it's just so easy to be like
Boop and if you do that or just break
really hard your Android auto gets
turned off unless you have wireless
enabled which I do now but it was really
annoying until I did that extra step if
you don't want to be plugged in though
there is a wireless charger that I've
never seen work what does work well is
this little storage compartment right
here and we also have a fully functional
glove box featuring nothing dumb which
for whatever reason is a plus in an EV
what is kind of dumb though is
everything here but dumb in the best
kind of way this steering wheel and kind
of just the entire car is incredibly
confusing there are so many modes so
many different things to try out but now
I just have it all dialed in and oh my
God is it ever good we have our end
gauge cluster up here there are
different options but just use this one
it is by far the best we have our drive
mode select which you are just probably
never going to use because we have our
end mode select down here which gives
you all of the modes that you actually
want cuz we have our end mode then we
have our custom one and custom 2 having
two Customs is great because you can
just tell it turn off my traction
control when I press this button this
thing is pretty wild especially when you
have so much power it will turn those
tires into rubber on the road on the
right side of the steering wheel we have
NGB which stands for nrin Boost gives
you an extra 40 horsepower for 10
seconds and if I am honest I don't
really notice the difference cuz you are
so traction Limited it anyway and down
here we have a second end button which
enables our fake engine
which is really quite a good bit of fun
also what is quite fun is just playing
with the obscene number of settings that
they have in their custom menus one of
the things that has really annoyed me
with electric cars is the fact that an
electric motor is incredibly easy to
change how it reacts you can very easily
just go in change some numbers and be
like wow the whole feeling of driving is
completely different now but for the
most part everyone is just like here's
one drive mode maybe you get to enable
creep or not it is very disappointing
that they go with it just being super
easy when it could be incredibly
customizable for the people that want to
and oh my god do they ever give you a
lot of options in here so looking at the
main menu we have end torque
distribution that allows you to change
how much of the power is being sent to
the front and the back we also have our
n pedal which allows you to have up to
0.6 G's of regenerative braking now this
right here does have a little warning on
it saying to only use it on the track
and for the most part I have gotten very
used to just ignoring warnings like that
but man you have to be careful when nend
pedal is on they are not kidding that it
really transfers the weight to those
front wheels and if you're not paying
attention it will catch you out we also
have n race right here which provides
better cooling to the batteries and more
current duration although it might cause
a bit of degradation to your batteries
oh well and we have n drift Optimizer
which I have not been playing around
with CU we have not been on a track in
here we also have N battery which allows
you to have drag mode which will
increase the temperature of your battery
a little bit so that it is absolutely
optimal for just ripping down the
straights we also have track mode which
is more for cooling your battery so you
can be on the gas really hard for longer
coming into here we have two custom
modes where you can just change all
types of things we also have launch
control which we will see in a second
this being a very silly car you're able
to choose what type of a sound you want
your fake engine to have so here it's
kind of like a normal Hyundai 4cylinder
in their end Vehicles evolution
is more like a Strange Electric race car
and Super
Sonic is an even stranger electronic
race car of sorts it is all very good
fun but if you don't want it yeah there
it is completely gone also in here the
infotainment is just typical Hyundai Kia
sort of stuff and very easy to use for
the most part I am just slapping an
Android auto we've got a nice big 12.3
in screen rate here and it all works
great we also have not physical climate
controls but they all stay in the same
place so you can get used to it well
enough and plenty of physical controls
for volume tuning setup all that sort of
stuff I have had no problems with just
using this car overall it is excellent
for just daily use if you want to be an
absolute hooligan or just comfortable on
your way to work oh Andy do you know I
think the business team would really
love if this is how we segue to our
spawn answer drop thanks to drop for
sponsoring this video their hex gaming
headset in collaboration with epos is a
budget friendly option that works with
PCS and consoles it's closed back build
treats your ears to a clean isolated
Sound Stage for in-game cues and it has
a lift to mute microphone so your
friends don't have to hear your dog
barking in the background anymore once
you're done gaming for the day you can
hang your headphones on the eepos GSA 50
headphone hanger which can conveniently
attach to the side of your desk get 20%
off the drop Plus plus epos hex gaming
headset today using the link down in the
description all right let's go in here
and launch control activate don't break
man NE yeah foot on the brake foot on
the gas oh
my this thing has a 0 to 60 of 3 seconds
and is able to accomplish that by having
641 horsepower 4 six of which is
directed just to the rear wheels let's
just have a little taste of this orange
NGB button and just oh my God I really
like the sound of this thing it's like a
Dremel or an electric toothbrush on
steroids when you hit it like that's the
actual sound of the electric motors it's
just this thing is brutally fast it is
quite funny because when you don't have
a whole lot of grip on the road that you
in it feels a lot like a high power
front-wheel drive car you kind of get
torque steer and it's trying to steer
you off into the ditch it is
hilarious speaking of very funny let's
just dip into the gears here this has a
simulated 8-speed dual clutch so we can
come in here and drop into second gear
and go all the way down turn my cap
around around and I am now a Honda
driver I am driving my Honda excellently
and this is exactly how you do
it for real though this this a lot of
fun it is shockingly convincing that you
have an actual engine and exhaust and
stuff like I know that it is not real
but at the same time I don't
particularly care like have you ever had
fun in a racing game before it is a very
similar thing to this and it is quite a
bit of
[Music]
fun now of course is it as good as a
real engine and
exhaust no of course it isn't but it is
absolutely comical and if you are done
having fun like that you can just press
this button and wow it just is
completely silent in here one of my
favorite things about this is that you
can soften the dampers up it'll be just
really nice comfortable for your drive
to work and then you hit some corners
and be like oh look at this it steers so
well oh my God for an electric car the
handling of this is shocking oh
it is so much more fun than it deserves
to be and it is so much more competent
at
being at being best at both of what it
is able to do something like the poar 2
is incredibly fast and Incredibly brutal
and Incredibly competent in the corners
but it's never able to just be an easy
family Cruiser like we are in right now
where this right here I feel like it
knows that it is a great big electric
SUV it has that sort of luxury feeling
to it but it also is just so absolutely
comical drifting the ti can was a whole
lot of fun but you can't do that on
normal roads that thing is so fast that
you just immediately get impounded this
is also brutally fast but with the gears
and all of that stuff you can have fun
on normal roads and like really toss it
around I love it I love this thing it
has so much personality once you're done
listening to your simulated engine maybe
you want to listen to some excellent
music and this right here definitely has
that in here we have the eight- speaker
sound system from Bose and it sounds
really freaking good we've got two
speakers in the doors Two tweeters up
there and a center channel you also have
that sub in the back and two rear
speakers which doesn't sound like a
whole lot but it's not the number of
speakers that counts it's what they can
do and man this sounds excellent I
measured it and it goes all the way down
to 30 htz so you have plenty of base and
even though it does look a bit
exaggerated around 100 to 200 htz it
sounds very clear and very
good now of course if you want to be
headbanged to your music instead of
looking at the road we have Hyundai's
typical Suite of fantastic driver
assistance we have our cruise control
here which just works really well like
everything else that they make it has
excellent ability to just see something
in front of you slow down stop I have
plenty of confidence in it it also will
have Lane centering which is pretty good
but I personally prefer to just to drive
my own cars and it's going to be safe it
has the safety crap and if you don't
want it you can just fully turn it off
and you can run into the person in front
of you on the racetrack if you so choose
so overall this thing is just comical in
ways I did not know an EV could be
there's stuff like the tie can and the
Lucid air which will scare you with
their speed but do you know what you
can't do in
those have the hilarious little gearbox
that won't let you keep on going even
though the powertrain can just because
it's funny this thing is such a great
little machine and for 66 Grand US I
think if you have the money just do it
it's it's so freaking good like compared
to a model wide performance the amount
of fun that I have in this thing not to
mention the fact that it's really a more
comfortable ride when it wants to be
this is the easiest pick ever for me I
really wish we could take this thing on
track it would be hilarious and I also
wish I could take you to the end of this
video wait I did huge thanks for
watching hit like get subscribed and
just have a great old day